Add desktop breaking change note (#6722)
mattermost/docs: source/install/desktop-app-changelog.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Desktop App is supported on any supported Extended Support Release or a newer Mattermost server version.
> - Desktop App v5.2 is incompatible with server versions v9.1 and later.

Reviewer: Seems that `Desktop App is supported on any supported Extended Support Release` will stop being true after the next 9.x one so wondering if we should also include 
```suggestion
- Desktop App is supported on any supported Extended Support Release up to v8.1 ESR.
- Desktop App v5.2 is incompatible with server versions v9.1 and later.
```
